1) What’s the difference between a for loop and a while loop? 
For loops contain a initialization statement, a conditional statement, and an incrementation/decrementation statement.
On the other hand, while loops only contain a conditional statement and continue until that condition is met.

2) What’s the difference between parameters and arguments?
Parameters are variables listed in a function, while arguments are the actual values that are passed into the function.

3) What’s the difference between a class and an object?
A class is a template for creating objects. It defines the properties and behaviours that objects in the class will have.
However, and object is an instance of a class. It is an aspect created from the class with defined properties and behaviours.

4) What is a constructor function? What does it do and when?
A constructor function is a method in a class that initializes objects created within the class.
It is called at the start of the program to initialize objects used within the rest of the code.

5) Why should each class have its own tab in Processing?
Each class having its own tab within processing makes it easier to read, undestand, and navigate through.
Overall, classes having their own tabs increases the codes orginization.

6) What’s the difference between an array and an ArrayList?
An array has a fixed size that must be set in initialization, but an ArrayList have a flexible size where elements
can be added or removed at any time.

7) Why would you want to go through a list backwards, decrementing the index?
Decrementing the index in a loop for a list is useful when removing a certain amount of items at the end of a list. It is also useful for comparing elements
with the element before. Finally, the simplest use for a decrementing loop is to display or process a list backwards.

8) When should you use PVector instead of float variables?
PVector should be used over a float when dealing with 2 dimensional or 3 dimensional vectors such as movement and physics.

9) What is a normalized vector, why is it useful?
A normalized vecotr is a vector that has a magnitude of 1. One way a normalize vector is useful is because it ensure consistent scaling across different
vectors, making it easier to control vector quantities without affecting direction.
